Millions of people use Notion — and this number is increasing every day. That means millions of people trust us to deliver a fast, reliable, and secure experience, and we value this more than anything. We want to keep earning trust, while also continuing to amaze our users with the tools they can build in Notion.

Company DescriptionSince we opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely, and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take payments and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn't work together.So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions - to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, offer buy now, pay later functionality through Afterpay, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. Across it all, we've embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow in one place. Afterpay furthers our goal to provide omnichannel tools that unlock meaningful value and growth, enabling sellers to capture the next generation shopper, increase order sizes, and compete at a larger scale.Today, we are a partner to sellers of all sizes - large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex operations, sellers just starting, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers grow, so do our solutions. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We're building a significant, meaningful, and lasting business, and we are helping sellers worldwide do the same.Job DescriptionSquare Staff represents a suite of labor management, workforce management, payroll, and communications tools that enable sellers and their teams to succeed together. We provide valuable insights to sellers using data collected from our ecosystem with the goal of helping them make informed decisions about their workforce. We aspire to eliminate the hours of weekly drudgery that sellers and team members expend staying aligned and provide tools to build better relationships between employers and employees. We are building the most intelligent back office software available anywhere, boosted by our ecosystem of data, 360-degree view of the business, and direct relationship with all team members. You will be focused on building and expanding our product suite to solve more seller needs related to team communication and time tracking management such as shift scheduling, trading shifts, approving shifts, etc. You will help in brainstorming, design and implementation of seller facing features and help improve our partner integration infrastructure. You will report to an engineering manager and work with other engineers, designers, product managers and other teams to move quickly towards delivering and scaling a remarkable product for small business owners. You will help us identify and deliver the initiatives, features and products for our existing and potential customers. Square Staff helps give our sellers the peace of mind that their business is running smoothly, even if they're not physically present.To learn more about the Square Staff products: https://squareup.com/us/en/staff You Will:

Company DescriptionSince we opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely, and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take payments and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn't work together.So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions - to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, offer buy now, pay later functionality through Afterpay, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. Across it all, we've embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow in one place. Afterpay furthers our goal to provide omnichannel tools that unlock meaningful value and growth, enabling sellers to capture the next generation shopper, increase order sizes, and compete at a larger scale.Today, we are a partner to sellers of all sizes - large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex operations, sellers just starting, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers grow, so do our solutions. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We're building a significant, meaningful, and lasting business, and we are helping sellers worldwide do the same.Job DescriptionSquare Staff represents a suite of labor management, workforce management, payroll, and communications tools that enable sellers and their teams to succeed together. We provide valuable insights to sellers using data collected from our ecosystem with the goal of helping them make informed decisions about their workforce. We aspire to eliminate the hours of weekly drudgery that sellers and team members expend staying aligned and provide tools to build better relationships between employers and employees. We are building the most intelligent back office software available anywhere, boosted by our ecosystem of data, 360-degree view of the business, and direct relationship with all team members. You will be focused on building and expanding our product suite to solve more seller needs related to team communication and time tracking management such as shift scheduling, trading shifts, approving shifts, etc. You will help in brainstorming, design and implementation of seller facing features and help improve our partner integration infrastructure. You will report to an engineering manager and work with other engineers, designers, product managers and other teams to move quickly towards delivering and scaling a remarkable product for small business owners. You will help us identify and deliver the initiatives, features and products for our existing and potential customers. Square Staff helps give our sellers the peace of mind that their business is running smoothly, even if they're not physically present.To learn more about the Square Staff products: https://squareup.com/us/en/staff You Will:

We have a global presence with offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, and London, and recently expanded our operations to Australia and New Zealand. Iterable’s reach extends worldwide, and we have remote employees across the globe. As we scale, we continue to live by our core four, founding values - Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility. To understand the Iterable story, and learn more about our mission, explore our Culture and About Us page.

Engineering at Iterable is responsible for the core platform used by our growing customer base. In this role, you’ll evolve the platform, increasing it’s value for our users. Our Engineering team works closely with Product, Design, Infrastructure, and SRE to bring next-generation marketing solutions to our massively-scalable platform. We believe in building an Engineering culture guided by our company values which you can learn more about here.

Company DescriptionSince we opened our doors in 2009, the world of commerce has evolved immensely, and so has Square. After enabling anyone to take payments and never miss a sale, we saw sellers stymied by disparate, outmoded products and tools that wouldn't work together.So we expanded into software and started building integrated, omnichannel solutions - to help sellers sell online, manage inventory, offer buy now, pay later functionality through Afterpay, book appointments, engage loyal buyers, and hire and pay staff. Across it all, we've embedded financial services tools at the point of sale, so merchants can access a business loan and manage their cash flow in one place. Afterpay furthers our goal to provide omnichannel tools that unlock meaningful value and growth, enabling sellers to capture the next generation shopper, increase order sizes, and compete at a larger scale.Today, we are a partner to sellers of all sizes - large, enterprise-scale businesses with complex operations, sellers just starting, as well as merchants who began selling with Square and have grown larger over time. As our sellers grow, so do our solutions. There is a massive opportunity in front of us. We're building a significant, meaningful, and lasting business, and we are helping sellers worldwide do the same.Job DescriptionSquare Staff represents a suite of labor management, workforce management, payroll, and communications tools that enable sellers and their teams to succeed together. We provide valuable insights to sellers using data collected from our ecosystem with the goal of helping them make informed decisions about their workforce. We aspire to eliminate the hours of weekly drudgery that sellers and team members expend staying aligned and provide tools to build better relationships between employers and employees. We are building the most intelligent back office software available anywhere, boosted by our ecosystem of data, 360-degree view of the business, and direct relationship with all team members. You will be focused on building and expanding our product suite to solve more seller needs related to scheduling, time tracking management, tips, wages, and commissions. You will help in brainstorming, design and implementation of seller facing features and help improve our partner integration infrastructure. You will report to an engineering manager and work with other engineers, designers, product managers and other teams to move quickly towards delivering and scaling a remarkable product for small business owners. You will help us identify and deliver the initiatives, features and products for our existing and potential customers. Square Staff helps give our sellers the peace of mind that their business is running smoothly, even if they're not physically present.To learn more about the Square Staff products: https://squareup.com/us/en/staff You Will:

We are a SaaS, Cloud-Based Managed File Transfer platform that enables organizations to securely transfer, share, and store files between users, teams, and organizations. Our app and API is primarily written in Ruby on Rails (though we built our own internal framework for APIs, not ActionController, and we don't use Rails views at all). We have additional backend services written in Ruby, have built our own version of Resque, and heavily use things like Redis and Elasticsearch.

We are looking for seasoned Back End Ruby Engineers with strong backgrounds in data structures, algorithms, and scaling to join our team and help us build features into our already great app.

As a Back End Ruby Engineer at Files.com, you will take the lead on helping build cutting edge features into the Files.com product that drive value for the 6,000 businesses that use our platform. Our API receives hundreds of requests per second and is used by both internal and external developers. Here are some examples of projects that our Developers have recently completed:

And here are some examples of projects that our Developers will be tackling in the next 6-12 months:

Today, CLEAR is well-known as a leader in digital and biometric identification, reducing friction for our members wherever an ID check is needed. We’re looking for an experienced Software Engineer to help us build the next generation of products which will go beyond just ID and enable our members to leverage the power of a networked digital identity. As a Software Engineer at CLEAR, you will participate in the design, implementation, testing, and deployment of applications to build and enhance our platform- one that interconnects dozens of attributes and qualifications while keeping member privacy and security at the core.

As a Staff Software Engineer - Back End Focus at Kin, you'll develop the products and features that make Kin operate. We run Ruby environments with Typescript front-ends and use PostgreSQL, and we apply Scrum methodologies to our product and software development processes.

Your mission? Boost AI capabilities, integrate heavyweights like Google Vertex AI, and shape the roadmap by adding new tools and improving testing processes. Your tech playground includes Ruby on Rails, Python, and more. Experience with GraphQL, RSpec, and large language models? Fantastic!

At Philo, we’re a group of technology and product people who set out to build the future of television, marrying the best in modern technology with the most compelling medium ever invented — in short, we’re building the TV experience that we’ve always wanted for ourselves. In practice this means leveraging cloud delivery, modern tech stacks, machine learning, and hand-crafted native app experiences on all of our platforms. We aim to deliver a rock solid experience on the streaming basics, while cooking up next generation multi-screen and multi-user playback experiences.

We are language agnostic, but most of our backend code is written in Golang, NodeJS and Ruby, with some C++ and Python. Our services run on Kubernetes, and we practice continuous deployment across all of our systems.

At Philo, we’re a group of technology and product people who set out to build the future of television, marrying the best in modern technology with the most compelling medium ever invented — in short, we’re building the TV experience that we’ve always wanted for ourselves. In practice this means leveraging cloud delivery, modern tech stacks, machine learning, and hand-crafted native app experiences on all of our platforms. We aim to deliver a rock solid experience on the streaming basics, while cooking up next generation multi-screen and multi-user playback experiences.

We are language agnostic, but most of our backend code is written in Golang, NodeJS and Ruby, with some C++ and Python. Our services run on Kubernetes, and we practice continuous deployment across all of our systems.

All roles have an in-person component: Conditions permitting, teams meet 2–4 weeks every quarter at one of Grammarly’s hubs in San Francisco, Kyiv, New York, Vancouver, and Berlin, or in a workspace in Kraków. This flexible approach gives team members the best of both worlds: plenty of focus time along with in-person collaboration that fosters trust and unlocks creativity.

Grammarly is the world’s leading AI writing assistance company trusted by over 30 million people and 70,000 professional teams every day. From instantly creating a first draft to perfecting every message, Grammarly’s product offerings help people at 96% of the Fortune 500 get their point across—and get results. Grammarly has been profitable for over a decade because we’ve stayed true to our values and built an enterprise-grade product that’s secure, reliable, and helps people do their best work—without selling their data. We’re proud to be one of Inc.’s best workplaces, a Glassdoor Best Place to Work, one of TIME’s 100 Most Influential Companies, and one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies in AI.

On top of our programs and policies, Grammarly also believes strongly in making sure that a major benefit is the company’s focus on a culture of collaboration and cooperation. We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback.

#DtjobsFD21For positions in the Bay Area, we offer a base pay of $116,900 - $181,100, plus equity (when applicable), variable/incentive compensation and benefits. Sales positions generally offer a competitive On Target Earnings (OTE) incentive compensation structure. Please note that the base pay shown is a guideline, and individual total compensation will vary based on factors such as qualifications, skill level, competencies and work location. We also offer health plans, including flexible spending accounts, a 401(k) Plan with company match, ESPP, matching donations, a flexible time away plan and family leave programs (subject to eligibility requirements). Compensation is based on the geographic location in which the role is located, and is subject to change based on work location.Additional InformationServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin or nationality, ancestry, age, disability, gender identity or expression, marital status, veteran status or any other category protected by law. At ServiceNow, we lead with flexibility and trust in our distributed world of work. Click here to learn about our work personas: flexible, remote and required-in-office. If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact us at [email protected] for assistance. For positions requiring access to technical data subject to export control regulations, including Export Administration Regulations (EAR), ServiceNow may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Government for certain individuals. All employment is contingent upon ServiceNow obtaining any export license or other approval that may be required by the U.S. Government. Please Note: Fraudulent job postings/job scams are increasingly common. Click here to learn what to watch out for and how to protect yourself. All genuine ServiceNow job postings can be found through the ServiceNow Careers site . From Fortune. © 2022 Fortune Media IP Limited All rights reserved. Used under license. Fortune and Fortune Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, ServiceNow.

At Philo, we’re a group of technology and product people who set out to build the future of television, marrying the best in modern technology with the most compelling medium ever invented — in short, we’re building the TV experience that we’ve always wanted for ourselves. In practice this means leveraging cloud delivery, modern tech stacks, machine learning, and hand-crafted native app experiences on all of our platforms. We aim to deliver a rock solid experience on the streaming basics, while cooking up next generation multi-screen and multi-user playback experiences.

We are language agnostic, but most of our backend code is written in Golang, NodeJS and Ruby, with some C++ and Python. Our services run on Kubernetes, and we practice continuous deployment across all of our systems.

At Philo, we’re a group of technology and product people who set out to build the future of television, marrying the best in modern technology with the most compelling medium ever invented — in short, we’re building the TV experience that we’ve always wanted for ourselves. In practice this means leveraging cloud delivery, modern tech stacks, machine learning, and hand-crafted native app experiences on all of our platforms. We aim to deliver a rock solid experience on the streaming basics, while cooking up next generation multi-screen and multi-user playback experiences.

We are language agnostic, but most of our backend code is written in Golang, NodeJS and Ruby, with some C++ and Python. Our services run on Kubernetes, and we practice continuous deployment across all of our systems.

Designed with simplicity and scalability in mind, Verkada gives organizations the real-time insight to know what could impact the safety and comfort of people throughout their physical environment, while empowering them to take immediate action to minimize security risks, workplace frustrations and costly inefficiencies.

As a Staff Engineer Front-End Focus at Kin, you'll develop the products and features that make Kin operate. We have a Ruby on Rails monolith that we are moving away from in favor of a Typescript Angular front-end and NestJS backend with PostgreSQL as the database. We apply Agile methodologies to our product and software development processes. In your role, you will have the opportunity to work on more complex engineering problems while collaborating with peers in Dev, Product, QA, and other cross-functional teams. As a senior team member, you'll have the opportunity to mentor more junior engineers, and on occasion lead small teams.

This opening is for a USA based employee, and must sit onsite in our offices in New York, NY, Seattle, WA, or Los Angeles, CA. As a Lead Software Engineer you will focus on building experiences for our core streaming products, pushing the boundaries of what is possible on the client. You'll work with a team of other developers alongside systems engineers, service engineers, and project managers. Our team uses modern server-side and web technologies such as JavaScript, Node and React to deliver scalable and elegant solutions for new product features and core site architecture. Responsibilities:

The Console team’s mission is to bring the power of CockroachDB to every developer, through a trusted managed-service offering that enables them to easily setup, manage, and operate their clusters for their world-changing applications. Working closely with our SRE team, Frontend and other Backend Engineers, and Database Engineers you will be part of a collaborative culture striving to make data easy at global scale by integrating distributed databases and the cloud with a world-class developer experience.

Well-being for All: We partner with Spring Health (12 pre-paid sessions per year), LiveHealth Online, and an Employee Assistance Program to provide free counseling and mental health support on our team.

Technical proficiency in relevant technologies (React, Vue, Vanilla JavaScript).

Senior engineers at Bubble are expected to have a strong voice in both product and technical direction, ship a lot of code, drive technical excellence, and teach and learn from their colleagues. We have a culture that emphasizes trust and autonomy, where teams are given problems to tackle rather than solutions to implement.

You will mostly be coding in Kotlin, utilizing GitHub and ArgoCD for CI/CD, and working with Spring, GraphQL, Kafka, and deployment to Kubernetes on AWS.

We don’t care if you taught yourself, attended a boot camp, or have a Computer Science degree; we care that you know your stuff. This means you have superb software engineering fundamentals, produce thoughtfully designed code that is reliable and maintainable. All of that is meaningless without thorough testing, of course. We’re looking for engineers that are enthusiastic about learning new technologies and skills that will continue to make a difference as Zoro takes the next step forward.

Are you a frontend engineer with a passion for AI and a knack for Vue.js and GraphQL? We've got an exciting opportunity for you to join our innovative team at GitLab!

Your tech playground includes Vue.js, GraphQL, and various AI technologies. If you've got experience with GitLab Duo Chat, plus a sprinkle of Ruby on Rails and Python, that's a big plus!

As a team, we work remotely across the US, and although we're in separate locations, nothing can keep us apart! We collaborate everyday using a variety of tools such as slack, google meet, and confluence/ JIRA to ensure we're making decisions with our customers' best interests in mind - something that's not possible when you work in a siloe. At AWeber, YOUR voice and YOUR opinion matters, regardless of your role. We expect all AWeber team members will ask tough questions, provide/ receive feedback regularly, and explore their passions on a daily basis. Sound exciting? Take the next step and apply.

Addepar is a global technology and data company that helps investment professionals provide the most informed, precise guidance for their clients. Hundreds of thousands of users have trusted Addepar to empower smarter investment decisions and better advice over the last decade. With client presence in more than 40 countries, Addepar’s platform aggregates portfolio, market and client data for over $4.5 trillion in assets. Addepar’s open platform integrates with more than 100 software, data and services partners to deliver a complete solution for a wide range of firms and use cases. Addepar embraces a global flexible workforce model with offices in Silicon Valley, New York City, Salt Lake City, Chicago, London, Dublin, Edinburgh, Scotland and Pune, India.

We are looking for a frontend software engineer to join our Product Engineering team! We're building the next generation, industry leading wealth management software platform for clients of all sizes. We need engineers who are not afraid of challenges and are driven to bring outstanding features to market. You would join a very strong team of engineers, surrounded by a company of people who are solving problems and innovating technology that clients love to use. You would use your skill and expertise in software frameworks and design patterns to craft a first class user experience that appeals to investment manager clients large and small. This is an opportunity to transform an industry!

Spring Health is a comprehensive mental health solution for employers and health plans. Unlike any other solution, we use clinically validated technology called Precision Mental Healthcare to pinpoint and deliver exactly what will work for each person  — whether that’s meditation, coaching, therapy, medication, and beyond.

Today, Spring Health equips over 800 companies, from start-ups to multinational Fortune 500 corporations, as a leading and preferred mental health service. Companies like J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Microsoft, J.B. Hunt, Bumble, and Instacart use the Spring Health platform to provide mental health services to thousands of their team members globally. We have raised over $370 million from prominent investors including Kinnevik, Tiger Global, Northzone, RRE Ventures, and many more. Thanks to their partnership, our current valuation has reached $2.5 billion.

Don’t meet every requirement? Studies have shown that women, communities of color and historically underrepresented talent are less likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At Spring Health we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we strongly encourage you to apply. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles!

Ready to do the most impactful work of your life? Learn more about our values, how we work, and how hypergrowth meets impact at Spring Health: Our Values

Benefits provided by Spring Health:

Our privacy policy: https://springhealth.com/privacy-policy/

Spring Health is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable legal requirements. Spring Health is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.

Spring Health offers employees benefits and perks across multiple categories. Internal benefits include the mental health benefit of no-cost therapy sessions per year for you and your dependents. We also are able to provide employees with discounts including those for gym memberships, cell phone plans, and entertainment/travel. Through Sequoia, employees also receive medical, dental, vision, and life insurance as well as access to financial wellbeing with our 401K match of 2% after 90 days of employment. Additionally we provide 4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave, and $1,000 in Professional Development stipends.

-Medical, dental, vision coverage starting on day one- No-cost visits to the Spring Health network of therapists and medication management providers for you and your dependents-Unlimited paid time off in addition to 12 paid holidays-4-4.5 months of fully paid parental leave-Competitive salary plus company equity

PCGS has been the standard for decades, having seen multiple record-setting and high-value collectibles. Now, this team is at the helm of digitally transforming the coin and banknote collecting experience. We are seeking a Staff Software engineer to join a new product line, focused on modernizing and renovating the PCGS business. The focus for this role will be on the back-end to drive high impact and innovative solutions and enhancements to scale. As a founding member, you will be digitizing and transforming existing products and customer interactions, as well as supporting the next generation of customers and products in coin and banknote collecting.

Current’s Engineering team is dedicated to building our products and infrastructure. With our applications running on Google Cloud Kubernetes Engine, we support a proprietary banking core that can scale to handle millions of transactions a day. We use a variety of databases, including MongoDB, Neo4j, and Postgres. Our services are written in Java and TypeScript.

As a Software Engineer - Frontend on a feature team, you'll be responsible for building an intuitive, responsive product. Your work will help thousands of customers to monitor the health and performance of their systems, no matter the scale. In this capacity, you'll use tools like React and Typescript to help streamline the flow of data from platform to user, enable seamless pivots from one view to the next, and build a powerful yet easy-to-use platform. You will work on complex frontend challenges for thousands of customers with huge sets of data and work on exciting scalability and performance challenges. Our users are also developers so you will feel close to the product and have an impact on the development world. You will be part of a front-end community of 200+ passionate frontend engineers and you will be surrounded by experts. Join us to build the next generation of high-scale, data-powered features for our customers. At Datadog, we place value in our office culture - the relationships that it builds, the creativity it brings to the table, and the collaboration of being together. We operate as a hybrid workplace to ensure our employees can create a work-life harmony that best fits them. What You'll Do:

With more than $217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe we’re on to something, we're building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.

Luxury Presence is the fastest-growing digital platform for agents, teams, and brokerages. Their award-winning real estate websites, modern marketing solutions, and AI-powered mobile platform help agents attract more business, work more efficiently, and serve their clients. Since launching in 2016, Luxury Presence has been trusted by more than 10,000 real estate professionals, including over 20 Wall Street Journal Top 100 agents.

With more than $217 million in funding and 90,000 organizations that believe we’re on to something, we're building performance and error monitoring tools that help companies like Disney, Microsoft, and Atlassian spend less time fixing bugs and more time building products. If you like to selfishly build things that make your digital life better, come help us build the next generation of software monitoring tools.

Designed with simplicity and scalability in mind, Verkada gives organizations the real-time insight to know what could impact the safety and comfort of people throughout their physical environment, while empowering them to take immediate action to minimize security risks, workplace frustrations and costly inefficiencies.